[BD-4962] Add message step requirement for Winning Path/Personalized Path with opens/clicks conversion events (#10071)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/experiment_step/personalized_paths.md

### Step 2: Configure Personalized Paths settings

> Specify the conversion event that should determine the winner. If there are no conversion events available, return to the first step of Canvas setup and [assign conversion events]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/create_a_canvas/#choose-conversion-events). If you choose a conversion event with opens or clicks to determine the winner, then the first step in the path must be a Message step, and only the first Message step in the path that generates opens or clicks will contribute to determining the winner. Subsequent steps in the path are not considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the conversion event that should determine the winner. If there are no conversion events available, return to the first step of Canvas setup and [assign conversion events]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/create_a_canvas/#choose-conversion-events). 

If you choose opens or clicks as your conversion event, make sure the first step in the path is a [Message step]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/message_step). Braze only counts engagement from the first Message step in the path. If the path starts with a different step (like a Delay or Audience Path step) and the message comes later, that message won’t be included when evaluating performance.
```
